hey folks and welcome to the Battle of
the YouTube non-stop
this is rob zombie saying Bofur Sam
proof Sam poo you heard the midget vote
for Sam proof or I'll totally punched
Jesus yeah what you heard Sunbrella
silver good hey that's right folks vote
for me and you'll see all these amazing
characters and more including want to do
it is hanging on I'll be losing weight
right here with you on a special diet in
which I only food I find in your garbage
mmm said there would be cookies and see
the cookies so I'm like go now and me
Johnny Tremain the original many grad
cowboy study for Mother Russia if you
like the board you gonna freakin love me
alright hmm i think that's tuna if
voters have proof he is the balls knees
vote now I'm is limited time offer and
you'll get even more you'll get gas
stars guest stars guest stars speaking
of which it's makin which so dismiss my
sandwich okay I'll do anything for those
no I said speaking of which are told you
I'm not Jewish
whoever bomb-proof hell did you get in
here oh you mean that creepy guy who
does Zeus videos how much is it what you
fellers need to vote for Sam proof Sam
is cool Sam is cool cuz if you don't I'm
just going to keep doing this vote for
Sam proof vote for Sam proof yeah I
guess bullet for him it's nice to give
minorities a chance that's not enough
you say I'm not going to stop there I'm
pulling out all the stops right now for
a limited time offer if you call now
with your special vote for Sam proof or
the Battle of YouTube not stars I'll
give you everything you want and I know
exactly what that is take it away deuce
coupe
you
you know revolute is coo coo coo 24
I don't need a big global citizen cuz
I'm plus my nationality I'm not me from
a blow away fucking this when possible
walking down a new food don't do now I
do the robot cuz i add the American
Jesus I'll kick you with my cum thru I
awesome yeah sweet brains rings